alright got this nice can here again
setting up trails they're walking across
produce good again thank care of alright
so you got a cane right there there dog
proof and see think trail right there
it's low except there's all these small
game trails and I'm over here they've
got a coon there that was a dirt hole
set with one and a half the garden it so
I will call that one a double and you
know these game trails they especially
small game trails they really do produce
so nice all right roll indeed a real
cold we had a rain temperatures dropping
and picked up this nice pin here right
on hey it's a cow trail going through
you can see the cow trail had a one and
a half on a dirt hole so you take care
of moving on alright guys huh that's why
I say set doubles set the high bank in
the little Bank here they've got the
high bank of the creek set got a coon in
then right there set the set the low
bank and got the Coon in so anyway
that's a good double I'm gonna taken out
of it
moving on all right all right guys got
another nice Coon here
there's just nothing but a game trail
set here I've taken uh this is the fifth
pin I'm taking off in four days I've got
to dog brush set fifth Coon in four days
that's why I say set these game trails
they run so I get a lot of questions
about what's a coon trail you know what
well you can see right there going
through that Milo field just raining
last night it's showing up real well a
nice thin trailer that is a small game
trail and you know that's what them
Coons travel so anyway that's that
alright guys so I I showed you the
turnout leap into the smile oh you got a
nice muddy Coon right there nice
pay up get going to the grocery store
another big ol muddy Coon here it just
won't stop raining but still catching a
few they will move in the rain all right
nice King King got nice color on here in
a small game trail get him taken care of
trail all torn down but a VP right in
front of okay all right so this was a
dirt hole type sat here with a
one-and-a-half Gardner you see one and a
half double jaw
front foot catch it was a he got down to
14 degrees last night in you tell with
that double jaw Ken didn't to it all so
you know good-sized trap big old Coon
will get this reset here and move on
got another big boar came here and a
dog-proof here set on set on sign
getting about that time of year guys the
rut starting so get out there set on
sign set for them big boars and get this
guy take care alright guys sitting here
in my truck it's real windy outside so
I'm staying here but anyway here's a
there's a nice guy out here you can see
from a little bit of snow we went from
rain internet for rain one day to had
now it's seven degrees with a wind chill
of minus 12 so pretty dramatic
temperature change but anyway those Kyle
today really got to move whenever gets
cold so you know start chiseling in that
ground we've got frozen solid ground but
I like using scent post sets here
because you can't dig into a dirt hole
but anyways it produced what we get here
red coyote but anyway another nice
coyote deer kill
down we'll get it taken care of and
we'll move on alright guys so anyway
that was uh that was that was that week
there tough week real tough week that
rain and then it froze I mean we had
minus zero temperatures there I think he
got down to minus four minus five a
couple nights then it warm back up and
it was just not real good but anyway
struggled through it ended up with uh
there's thirty two Coons there three
possums and then one Kyle back there so
anyway what in the past week by far but
uh you know we've got another another
big week coming up here and be a it's
supposed to be a little bit of a warm-up
so anyway that's kind of a scan there of
so far then we've got this so hopefully
next week will be better we'll see you
guys in